Blog: Enhancing Acknowledgment of Community Contributions in OpenTelemetry Profiling (#4186)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2024/opentelemetry-announced-support-for-profiling.md

us to continue evolving with the community. This year, we’re proud to announce
that exactly two years after the Profiling SIG was created at KubeCon +
CloudNativeCon Europe 2022 in Valencia, we’re taking a big step towards this
goal by merging a profiling data model OTEP and working towards a stable spec
and implementation this year!

> This milestone for OpenTelemetry profiling feature reflects a collaborative

Reviewer: grammar nit

```suggestion
This milestone for the OpenTelemetry profiling signal reflects a collaborative
```
